hi hi
the world let's have coffee, uh uh Hey and hello
sprayers wherever you are
welcome back to this channel
Of course to watch great films
this time I will tell the storyline of
the film entitled My friends
nice m which was released in 2017
this film tells  about a widowed woman
who is friends who both have
a son and they both
also like each other's children. Okay,
without further ado, let's go
straight to the story of the film, the film begins
in a large and luxurious
house where in the house  there lived a
mother named Jiyeon and
her son named Sungjae at
that time they both seemed to be
cleaning the house because they both
just moved into the house
after the departure of her husband from Jion
after finishing tidying up their new house
they both rested on the
sofa while  talked about
their move and Sungjae also
talked a bit about  when his father left the
gym asked his son
not to think about it anymore and he
also said that he would go to the
next door neighbor to stay in touch
Go kiss his next door neighbor to
stay in touch while bringing a
cake he just made he knocked on
his neighbor's front door but no one
out of the house because by chance the door was
not locked, the gym then immediately
walked inside without permission.
He saw a man who
had just finished taking a shower and at that time the
man was not wearing
gym clothes.
wearing
his clothes, after wearing clothes, the
man came out to take the
region and they both became acquainted, it was
known that this man named Jeyoung, the
son of a widow. Jin apologized
to Jiyoung for entering
his house without permission. He then
gave the cake he had brought to
Jiyoung as a gift.  a sign of introduction
shortly Jiyeon left
Jeyoung's house that night Jaya watched TV
while enjoying the cake that
Jiyeon brought this afternoon suddenly
a beautiful woman
named Yongju who was the mother
of his own, Yongju who just came
home from work also sat on the sofa
to chat with his son
then he saw the cake that
jiyong ate and he asked where jeyoung
got the cake jiyong also replied
that he was brought by a new neighbor
next door this afternoon the next
day the gym was sitting at his dressing table
to dress up before he left for
work when  he was going out of the house
he saw his son who
was lazing on the sofa Jin
asked his son not to do
that but instead Sungjae
asked for money to use
later Jin who is a kind mother
gave her son money then he
left his son to  work
not hose bebe  how long after Joon
left, Jiyeon's house also came
with a plate of food. She wanted to
repay me, which
John gave to her son yesterday and it seems that she
also wants to stay in touch with
her new neighbor, just like the case
experienced by Kiss yesterday. No one
stepped out when Yongju
rang the bell.  and knocked on the door of the house
because the door was not locked. He
immediately went into Ji
won the
Hai's house inside he saw Suzy
sleeping on the sofa using only
color and at that time Joni Sungjae was
on yongju woke Suzy who
was sleeping then  Sungjae
woke up and was surprised to see a
beautiful woman he didn't know entered
his house. Young Ju said to Sungjae
that he came with food to
repay me which his mother gave
to yeongjo's son yesterday. He also
asked where Jiun was at that time and Suzy
said that her mother just  Go to
work after me  ng brought by yongju was
given yongju also said goodbye to
Sungjae and he teased Sungjae a little
after the Holy Wulan continued his
disturbed sleep but he suddenly
woke up and suddenly again yongju
came back wearing
white clothes Suzy who was surprised immediately
asked yongju's intention to  came
back but suddenly yongju immediately
touched Sungjae's body and they
both then steadily but
unfortunately it turned out to be just a
dream
from Sungjae which was so real that the
dream made his
skin discharge the story continued the
next day where Jiyeon and Suzy
were having breakfast  At his dining table he
saw there was a food that he didn't
know. Where did Suzy come from and
explained that the food was brought
by Marine who also knew
that the gym wanted to return the
food that Yongju gave and
there was an incident of reciprocation
between the two mothers tonight.
the day was according to his wishes this
morning Jiun came to Yongju's house and he
met again with Jeyoung he
brought a plate of food that he cooked
himself and happily Jiyeon,
who happened to be not yet going to accept the
food, Jiyong also voraciously
ate the food that Jiun
gave him, meanwhile Jiyeon who was sitting  with
Jiyong at the dining table moving to the sofa in
the living room After all the food was
eaten Jiyeon approached Ji Hyun
and he greatly praised Jiun's delicious food
then there was no rain no
kiss suddenly felt dizzy and he
fell asleep on the sofa Jiyong who
saw it panicked  but what's worse is
instead of helping Jiun he even stripped
Jiyeon of her clothes then she instead did
steady with Jiun long story short
The next morning Jeyoung would go to the
market to shop and outside the house
he finally met
Young's mother who he had never
met They were then  acquainted
but it seems  they both
know each other finally ji-hyun realized
that who was also his old friend
at college they were both very
happy because they could meet again
after a long time not seeing the
two of them then continued their chat
at Ji Won's house and how surprised
Jiun was when he  just realized that the man
who was good with her yesterday
was the son of a friend of his own. That
night the four of them had
a meal at home which Jung like
in Korean films in general they had a
barbecue while accompanied by Shoujo.
Yong Joon ordered a kiss to
take the subject to the room so he could
sleep soundly Jiyong realized
that this was a
good opportunity to get back on track with
Sungjae's mother who was
at home alone. He then
turned to his mother by saying
if he is going to go stay over
his friend's house and without the slightest suspicion
Yongju allowed his son to go
but it turned out that Yongju himself had
another good plan where he also
wanted to play a steady tab with Sungjae
when it became commonplace at Ji Hyun's house and without
further ado he immediately executed his
mother's friend, who was also
slowly  went into the room where Sungjae
was sleeping shunji Then woke up
from his sleep and he was shocked to see
Yongju who had played
his Joni he thought that it was just a
dream like what he had experienced
before that's why he finally got
steady with Young Joo
Hai after the incident the
four of them had a relationship  become closer and
like there are no more boundaries between
them even when the four of them
will go to different places they
even switch positions Where the
seller goes with Sungjae on the other hand
Jiyeon will go with Jiyong and the
film ends with 2000
exchanging children  in order to satisfy
their worldly desires, okay, that was the storyline of
the film My friends mother, which
can be learned a lesson that do
n't forget to lock our door
when we are showering or
sleeping because otherwise something
like the one in this movie might happen
to us.
Goodbye, I'll see you in the next great films
Hi Ho